Plan :Jeevan Anand (715)

Product Summary :
New Jeevan Anand(715) Plan is a participating non-linked plan which offers an attractive combination of protection and savings. This combination provides financial protection against death throughout the lifetime of the policyholder with the provision of payment of lump sum at the end of the selected policy term in case of his or her survival.

Premium Payment Mode:
Yearly, Halfly, Quarterly, Monthly(ECS)

Term :
15 to 35 years

Minimum Entry Age :
18 Year Completed

Maximum Entry Age :
50 Year (Nearest Birthday)

Maximum Maturity Age :
75 Year

Minimum Sum Assured :
2,00,000

Maximum Sum Assured :
NO LIMIT (Depending upon Income)

Maximum Accidental Death and Disability Benefit Rider up to age 70.


Policy Benefits :


On Death :
Provided all due premiums have been paid, the following death benefit shall be paid:
• On Death during the policy term: Death benefit, defined as sum of Sum Assured on Deathand vested Simple Revisionary Bonuses and Final Additional bonus, if any, shall be payable. Where, Sum Assured on Death is defined as higher of 125% of Basic Sum Assured or 7 times of annualised premium. This death benefit shall not be less than 105% of all the premiums paid as on date of death.The premiums mentioned above exclude service tax, extra premium and rider premiums, if any. 
• On death of policyholder at any time after policy term: Basic Sum Assured

On Survival :
Basic Sum Assured, along with vested Simple Revisionary Bonuses and Final Additional Bonus, if any, shall be payable in lump sum on survival to the end of the policy term provided all due premiums have been paid.

Surrendered Value :
The policy can be surrendered for cash provided at least two full years premiums have been paid.The Guaranteed Surrender value during policy term shall be a percentage of total premiums paid (net of service tax) excluding extra premiums and premiums for riders, if opted for. This percentage will depend on the policy term and policy year in which the policy is surrendered.

Income Tax Benefit :
Loan can be availed under the policy provided the policy has acquired a surrender value and subject to the terms and conditions as the company may specify from time to time.

Income Tax Benefit :
• Premium paid under this plan is eligible for TAX rebate under section 80c.
• Maturity under this plan is free under sec 10(10D).

Proposal Form : 300 shall be used under this plan.


For more information visit www.LicAllinOneCalc.com

